Ques-1
-----------
Write a C Program to check whether the triangle is an equilateral, isosceles or scalene triangle. Using the if-else statement.
Take the inputs from the user.

Case-1 :
Enter the lengths of the sides of the triangle:
Side 1: 5
Side 2: 5
Side 3: 5

Case-2:
Enter the lengths of the sides of the triangle:
Side 1: 4
Side 2: 5
Side 3: 4
The triangle is an isosceles triangle.

Case-3:
Enter the lengths of the sides of the triangle:
Side 1: 3
Side 2: 4
Side 3: 5
The triangle is a scalene triangle.

Ques-2
--------------
Write a C program for a service center by following given Rules and Guide lines.

* This service center only accepts 2 wheeler ,3 wheeler & 4 wheeler . If any other vehicle 
came to you , you have to show a message that "this service center is not accepting
other than 2 wheeler, 3 wheeler and 4 wheeler".

* If the vehicle is 2 ,3 & 4 only then you have to ask the user what is the age of the vehicle.

* If the age your vehicle is above 8 months then only accept the service center 
otherwise you have to show a message that "your vehicle servie will done after a while".

* If the vehicle age is greater than 8 months then show options to the user on the console.

* Options:

1)Enter 1 for tyre problem
2)Enter 2 for fuel problem
3)Enter 3 for engine issue
4)Enter 4 for general services

* If the user enter 1 as input so it is tyre problem statement so you have to show a message "how many tyres you are facing the issue ?", based on the issue on the no of tyres,
generate the bill.

* For example tyre cost Rs. 400 , if the user providing 3 tyre then the bill should be
generated as Rs. 1200 in below format.

Name of the owener
Name of the bike
Issue
Bill

* For fuels problem cost is Rs.1500
* For engine issue cost is Rs.5000
* For general servicing cost is Rs.1000

And generate the bill in the above format.


Ques-3
-------------
You are developing a ticket pricing system for a theme park. Write a program that takes the following inputs from a customer:

Age (integer)
Height in centimeters (float)
Whether the customer has a VIP pass (y or n)
The program should calculate the ticket price based on the following rules:

Children under 3 years old (inclusive) get in for free.
Children aged 4 to 12 (inclusive) pay Rs.20.
Adults aged 13 to 64 (inclusive) pay Rs.100.
Seniors aged 65 and above pay Rs.50.
However, there are some additional considerations based on height:

If the customer is above 180 cm in height, they pay an extra 50.
If the customer is between 120 cm (inclusive) and 180 cm (inclusive), no additional charge applies.
If the customer is below 120 cm, they receive a 50% discount on the base ticket price.
If the customer has a VIP pass, they get a 10% discount on the final ticket price.

Write a program that implements these pricing rules and provides the following output:

The customer's age, height, and VIP pass status.
The calculated base ticket price before any discounts or additional charges.
Any discounts or additional charges applied based on height.
The final ticket price after applying all discounts and charges.
Additionally, if the customer's age is below 0 or height is negative, the program should provide an error message.



